Walk in from here today
manager
The supervisor ordered the dog to be a black card captain without supervision. Governor, let's
shut up
A poor ghost
There is nothing decent all over
What qualifications do you have to hold a black card?
In my opinion, this black card is fake
He just wants to go in and cheat
It's true or false, just try it
Yes, I'm still afraid of you
Xiao Cheng, I know you want to take me to the thank you party
But not to this extent
Why don't we go?
I just can't stand these people looking down on people
I didn't make trouble a few times
I teach them how to be human
I said the black card was fake
Now what else do you have to say?
Oh, dear.
The hand slipped or
Now call the Governor of Qinzhou
Let him come by himself
Listen to your explanation about the black card
By the way, ask him to pick up this card for you
Xiao Chen, forget it
Lin Zhizhong, I am now in the lobby of Triumph Yunting
Stopped by the lobby manager
He said the black card you gave me was fake
And threw him on the ground for you to pick up
Show up in front of me in ten minutes